Feature/robot pageobject alias (#3120)
SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI: docs/robot_advanced.rst

The ``pageobject`` Decorator
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Page objects are normal Python classes that use the ``pageobject`` decorator provided by CumulusCI. Unlike traditional Robot Framework keyword libraries, you can easily define and use keywords in multiple classes within a single file.

Reviewer: I recommend removing "easily." For one thing, how easily? Adverbs make things less specific. For another, for that one reader out there who doesn't find it easy, we're kind of making them feel bad :D

Author: Thanks for the suggestion!

To create a page object class, start by inheriting from one of the provided base classes. You need to use the ``pageobject`` decorator to designate the class as a page object, and to describe the type of page (Listing, Detail, etc) and the associated salesfore object. From within a test, these page objects are referenced using both the type and object name (eg: ``Go to page  Listing  CustomObject__c``).

The following example illustrates how to create a ``Listing`` page object for ``CustomObject__c``.

.. code-block:: python

    from cumulusci.robotframework.pageobjects import ListingPage, pageobject

    @pageobject(page_type='Listing', object_name='CustomObject__c')
    class CustomObjectListingPage(ListingPage):
        ...

Using object aliases
""""""""""""""""""""

> Within a test, if you want to refer to the page object with a more human-readable name such as ``Custom Object`` rather than ``CustomObject__c`` you can do so by setting ``object_name`` to ``Custom Object`` and then defining ``_object_name`` in the class, like in the following example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within a test, if you want to refer to the page object with a more human-readable name such as ``Custom Object`` rather than ``CustomObject__c`` you can do so by setting ``object_name`` to ``Custom Object`` and then defining ``_object_name`` in the class, as in the following example.
```

.. code-block:: python

    from cumulusci.robotframework.pageobjects import ListingPage, pageobject

    @pageobject(page_type = 'Listing', object_name = 'My Object')
    class CustomObjectListingPage(ListingPage):
        _object_name = 'MyObject__c'
        ...

> By using an alias, you can reference the page object with either the alias or the actual object name. For example, the following two uses of ``Go to page`` are identical:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using an alias, you can reference the page object with either the alias or the actual object name. For example, if ``object_name`` is set as described above, the following two uses of ``Go to page`` are identical:
```

.. code-block:: robot

    Go to page  Listing  My Object
    Go to page  Listing  MyObject__c

Page Object Base Classes
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Presently, CumulusCI provides the following base classes, which should be used for all classes that use the ``pageobject`` decorator. These base classes may be imported from ``cumulusci.robotframework.pageobjects``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CumulusCI provides the following base classes, which should be used for all classes that use the ``pageobject`` decorator. You can import these base classes from ``cumulusci.robotframework.pageobjects``.
```
If you don't like "You can import," I'm okay with "These base classes can be imported."

> * `cumulusci.robotframework.pageobjects.BasePage <Keywords.html#file-cumulusci/robotframework/pageobjects/BasePageObjects.py>`_ A generic base class used by the other pageobject classes. Use the ``BasePage`` class for creating custom page objects when none of the other base classes make sense.

Reviewer: What are the circumstances that determine when none/some of the other base classes make sense?

Author: Thanks for pointing this out. I've tried rewording it to make it slightly more clear. My assumption is that if someone is experienced enough to be creating custom page objects, they'll understand the concept of base classes.

    * The ``BasePage`` adds the ``Log current page object`` keyword to every page object. This keyword is most useful when debugging tests. It will add information about the currently loaded page object to the log file generated when the test runs.
* ``cumulusci.robotframework.pageobjects.DetailPage``: A class for a page object that represents a detail page.
* ``cumulusci.robotframework.pageobjects.HomePage``: A class for a page object that represents a home page.
* ``cumulusci.robotframework.pageobjects.ListingPage``: A class for a page object that represents a listing page.
* ``cumulusci.robotframework.pageobject.NewModal``: A class for a page object that represents the "new object" modal.
* ``cumulusci.robotframework.pageobject.ObjectManagerPage``: A class for interacting with the object manager.

Common page object attributes
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> When using the decorator and inheriting from one of the page object base classes, your class will inherit the following attributes and properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the decorator and inheriting from one of the page object base classes, your class inherits the following attributes and properties.
```

> * ``self._object_name``: The name of the object related to the class. If the class does not define this property, it will be set to the value provide as the  ``object_name`` parameter to the ``pageobject`` decorator. Note: do not add the namespace prefix in the decorator. This attribute will automatically add the prefix from the ``cumulusci.yml`` file when necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``self._object_name``: The name of the object related to the class. If the class does not define this property, it is set to the value provided as the  ``object_name`` parameter to the ``pageobject`` decorator. Note: do not add the namespace prefix in the decorator. This attribute automatically adds the prefix from the ``cumulusci.yml`` file when necessary.
```

> * ``self.object_name``: this is a property that combines the ``_object_name`` attribute along with the namespace returned by the ``get namespace prefix`` keyword from the CumulusCI library. If there is no namespace this returns the value of the ``_object_name`` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``self.object_name``: A property that combines the ``_object_name`` attribute with the namespace returned by the ``get namespace prefix`` keyword from the CumulusCI library. If there is no namespace, this returns the value of the ``_object_name`` attribute.
```

> * ``self.builtin``: A reference to the Robot Framework ``BuiltIn`` library that can be used to directly call built-in keywords. Any built-in keyword can be called by converting the name to all lowercase, and replacing all spaces with underscores (such as ``self.builtin.log`` and ``self.builtin.get_variable_value``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``self.builtin``: A reference to the Robot Framework ``BuiltIn`` library that you can use to directly call built-in keywords. You can call any built-in keyword by converting the name to all lowercase, and replacing all spaces with underscores (such as ``self.builtin.log`` and ``self.builtin.get_variable_value``).
```

> * ``self.cumulusci``: A reference to the CumulusCI keyword library. Call any keyword in this library by converting the name to all lowercase, and replacing all spaces with underscores (such as ``self.cumulusci.get_org_info``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``self.cumulusci``: A reference to the CumulusCI keyword library. You can call any keyword in this library by converting the name to all lowercase, and replacing all spaces with underscores (such as ``self.cumulusci.get_org_info``).
```

> * ``self.salesforce``: A reference to the Salesforce keyword library. Call any keyword in this library by converting the name to all lowercase, and replacing all spaces with underscores (such as ``self.salesforce.wait_until_loading_is_complete``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``self.salesforce``: A reference to the Salesforce keyword library. You can call any keyword in this library by converting the name to all lowercase, and replacing all spaces with underscores (such as ``self.salesforce.wait_until_loading_is_complete``).
```

> * ``self.selenium``: A reference to SeleniumLibrary. Call any keyword in this library by converting the name to all lowercase, and replacing all spaces with underscores (such as ``self.selenim.wait_until_page_contains_element``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``self.selenium``: A reference to SeleniumLibrary. You can call any keyword in this library by converting the name to all lowercase, and replacing all spaces with underscores (such as ``self.selenim.wait_until_page_contains_element``).
```
